This document describes the functionality offered by the files present
in the directory 'gretchen'.  This document should be kept within /gretchen.

The files in /gretchen offer a few general tools for using gretchen,
and a couple task-specific scripts.

gripper_interface_client.py contains an object that interfaces with the gripper controller.  If you want to send commands to the gripper, look at this file.

move_base_client.py contains a base controller object that allows you to drive
gretchen around her workspace.  Not much time was spent investigating 
Gretchen's navigation capabilities, so please use this controller with caution.
We had some trouble with mapping the workspace.

move_torso_client.py is straightforward: it simply offers an object that 
can move the torso up and down.

plan_to_goal.py provides an object called TrajectoryGenerator that allows you
to plan trajectories to move the arm to various goals.  It provides containers
for end-effector pose goals, arm configuration goals, and gripper posture goals.
To use TrajectoryGenerator, simply place your goal into one of the provided
containers and feed this container to your TrajectoryGenerator instance.
Make sure to set the optional parameter 'get_approval' to True if you want to 
audit the generated trajectory in RVIZ before sending this trajectory to the execution
module.

trajectory_execution.py provides an object called TrajectoryExecutor to which you can pass
a RobotTrajectory message.  TrajectoryExecutor is smart enought to figure out which controllers
to use to execute this trajectory (the decision is made based on which joints are specified in 
the RobotTrajectory message).  

trajectory_audit.py is the developmental precursor to plan_to_goal.py.  It's contents are not 
intended to be used; the script is retained because it has both sentimental and option value.

push_button_demo/ is a directory that contains all the scripts needed to make Gretchen push 
a button, given that the button location is known.  The contents of this folder were used to 
make Gretchen push the elevator call button.

floor_to_table.py is a use demonstration that instructs Gretchen to pick a block off of a table
and put the block down in a user-specified location.


